README.md, before:

## JavaScript-Quiz

## Description
This is a program that quizes users on basic JavaScript information learned so far in the coding bootcamp. Upon clicking the "Start" button, a timer begins counting down from 90 seconds and the first question displays. Each time the user clicks on an option, the quiz advances to the next question. If the user answers a question wrong, 10 seconds get deducted from the timer. By the end of the quiz, the users score is determined by how much time is left on the timer. 

## Badges
N/A

## Visuals

## Installation
N/A

## Usage
Use examples liberally, and show the expected output if you can. It's helpful to have inline the smallest example of usage that you can demonstrate, while providing links to more sophisticated examples if they are too long to reasonably include in the README.

## Support
N/A

## Authors and acknowledgment
This coding was written by myself, Ida Whitcomb, with help from UNH coding bootcamp tutors and askBCS learning assistants

## License
N/A

## Project status
Project is still a work in progress with plans to return to it later and improve functionality and design.

Commit message:

added more design via stylesheet

README.md, after:

## JavaScript-Quiz

## Description
This is a program that quizes users on basic JavaScript information learned so far in the coding bootcamp. Upon clicking the "Start" button, a timer begins counting down from 90 seconds and the first question displays. At the end of the quiz, user can enter their intials to save their score in the local storage.

## Badges
N/A

## Visuals
<img src="assets/Homepage.png">
<img src="assets/Previous Score.png">
<img src="assets/Question Page.png">

## Installation
N/A

## Usage
Use this quiz to test your knowledge of JavaScript. Each time the user clicks on an option, the quiz advances to the next question. If the user answers a question wrong, 10 seconds get deducted from the timer. By the end of the quiz, the users score is determined by how much time is left on the timer. If the user clicks "View Previous Score" in the upper left corner of the page they can view the previous users initials and score. If the user finds themselves halfway through the quiz or on the score screen and would like to try the quiz again, they can click "Return to Start" in the upper left corner to stop the current timer and return to the start screen.

## Support
N/A

## Authors and acknowledgment
This coding was written by myself, Ida Whitcomb, with help from UNH coding bootcamp tutors and askBCS learning assistants

## License
N/A

## Project status
Project is still a work in progress with plans to return to it later and improve functionality and design.
